# SuperHeroes
# ABOUT

SuperHeroes is a site for fans of SuperHeroes Characters of all styles. This project is still in early development.

# DESIGN

This file will summarize some of the design decisions made for this site.

## Main classes

Characters
Real Name
Occupation
Identity
Legal Status
Former aliases
Place of birth
Marital Status
Known relatives
Group affillation
Base of operations
First appearance
History
Height
Eyes
Weight
Hair
Strength level
Known superhuman powers
Other abilities

## <pictures>
Story: As a Visitor I want to see face pictures of characters so that, I can match name with face .
Estimate: 5
Actual:  
Pull Request:

## <profile>
Story: As a Visitor I want to see Photos in Description so that I can see it as a profile.
Estimate: 4
Actual:   9
Pull Request:



## <buttons>
Story: As a Developer I want add buttons so that user can enter Interact with the pages.
Estimate: 3
Actual:  1
Pull Request:

## <video>
Story: As a Visitor I want to see a video so that the experience can be entertaining .
Estimate: 6
Actual:
Pull Request:


## <like button>
Story: As a client I want a button for favorite character so that I can see what Visitors like to see, after logon.
Estimate: 3
Actual:
Pull Request:

## <top five favorite >
Story: As a client I want a top five favorite character picture to be display, so that Visitors can see top five favorite on front page, before loging on.
Estimate: 3
Actual:
Pull Request:

To install Superheroes APP

Go to Heroku is an online service that lets you run applications on the Internet.

Signing up for Heroku

Visit heroku.com and sign up for an account, it's free.

Next, install Download Heroku Toolbelt @

https://toolbelt.heroku.com/

Once installed, you can use the heroku command from your command shell. Log in using the email address and password you used when creating your Heroku account:

heroku login Enter your Heroku credentials. Email: zeke@example.com Password:

Authenticating is required to allow both the heroku and git commands to operate.

Prepare the app

In this step, you will prepare a simple application that can be deployed. To clone the sample application so that you have a local version of the code that you can then deploy to Heroku, execute the following commands in your local command shell or terminal:

$ git clone https://github.com/heroku/node-js-getting-started.git $ cd node-js-getting-started

You now have a functioning git repository that contains a simple application as well as a package.json file, which is used by Node’s dependency manager.

Deploy the app

In this step you will deploy the app to Heroku. Create an app on Heroku, which prepares Heroku to receive your source code.

$ heroku create

When you create an app, a git remote (called heroku) is also created and associated with your local git repository. Heroku generates a random name for your app, or you can pass a parameter to specify your own app name.

Now deploy your code:

$ git push heroku master

To https://git.heroku.com/nameless-savannah-4829.git

[new branch] master -> master
The application is now deployed. Ensure that at least one instance of the app is running:

$ heroku ps:scale web=1

Now visit the app at the URL generated by its app name. As a handy shortcut, you can open the website as follows:

$ heroku open

Enjoy !!
